README.md, before:

# 🎨 Design System

Una librería de componentes UI moderna, escalable y accesible, construida con las mejores prácticas de desarrollo frontend.

🚀 **[Ver Documentación (Storybook)](https://IniguezMarc.github.io/design-system/)**

---

## 🛠 Tecnologías

Este proyecto está construido sobre un stack moderno para garantizar rendimiento y tipado estático:

* **Core:** React 18 + TypeScript
* **Estilos:** Tailwind CSS v3 (Arquitectura Utility-first)
* **Desarrollo & Documentación:** Storybook + Vite
* **Metodología:** Atomic Design (Atoms, Molecules, Organisms)

## 🧩 Componentes Destacados

La librería incluye una colección creciente de elementos UI:

* **Atoms:** Buttons (con variantes), Inputs, Typography.
* **Molecules:** Project Cards, Form Groups.
* **Organisms:** Grids responsivas, Layouts de sección.

## 📦 Instalación y Uso Local

Si quieres clonar y ejecutar este proyecto en tu máquina:

1.  **Clonar el repositorio:**
    ```bash
    git clone [https://github.com/IniguezMarc/design-system.git](https://github.com/IniguezMarc/design-system.git)
    cd design-system
    ```

2.  **Instalar dependencias:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Iniciar Storybook:**
    ```bash
    npm run storybook
    ```
    Visita `http://localhost:6006` para ver la librería.

---

Hecho por **Marc Iñiguez**.

Commit message:

docs: translate readme to english

README.md, after:

# 🎨 Design System

# 🎨 Design System

A modern, scalable, and accessible UI component library built with the latest frontend best practices.

🚀 **[View Documentation (Storybook)](https://IniguezMarc.github.io/design-system/)**

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

This project is built on a modern stack to ensure performance and type safety:

* **Core:** React 18 + TypeScript
* **Styling:** Tailwind CSS v3 (Utility-first architecture)
* **Development & Docs:** Storybook + Vite
* **Methodology:** Atomic Design (Atoms, Molecules, Organisms)

## 🧩 Featured Components

The library includes a growing collection of UI elements:

* **Atoms:** Buttons (with variants), Inputs, Typography.
* **Molecules:** Project Cards, Form Groups.
* **Organisms:** Responsive Grids, Section Layouts.

## 📦 Local Installation

To clone and run this project on your local machine:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone [https://github.com/IniguezMarc/design-system.git](https://github.com/IniguezMarc/design-system.git)
    cd design-system
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Start Storybook:**
    ```bash
    npm run storybook
    ```
    Visit `http://localhost:6006` to view the library.

---

Created by **Marc Iñiguez**.
